README.md, before:

# FlightRecorder.Api

[![Build Status](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api/workflows/.NET%20Core%20CI%20Build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api/actions)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api)](https://github.com/davewalker5/DroneFlightLogDb/issues)
[![Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api.svg?include_prereleases)](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api/releases)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-c%23-blue.svg)](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api/)
[![GitHub code size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api)](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api/)

## About

TO BE COMPLETED

## Getting Started

TO BE COMPLETED

## Authors

- **Dave Walker** - *Initial work* - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/davewalker5/)

## Credits

Implementation of authentication using JWT is based on the following tutorial:

- https://github.com/cornflourblue/aspnet-core-3-jwt-authentication-api
- https://jasonwatmore.com/post/2019/10/11/aspnet-core-3-jwt-authentication-tutorial-with-example-api#users-controller-cs

## Feedback

To file issues or suggestions, please use the [Issues](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api/issues) page for this project on GitHub.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

Commit message:

Completed the README with references to the Wiki

README.md, after:

# FlightRecorder.Api

[![Build Status](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api/workflows/.NET%20Core%20CI%20Build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api/actions)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api)](https://github.com/davewalker5/DroneFlightLogDb/issues)
[![Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api.svg?include_prereleases)](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api/releases)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-c%23-blue.svg)](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api/)
[![GitHub code size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api)](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api/)

## About

FlightRecorder.Api is a C# .NET Core WebAPI for accessing a [Flight Recorder Db](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorderDb) instance. The [Flight Recorder UI](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Mvc) makes use
of the service for data access and persistence.

Further details concerning the database are provided in the [Flight Recorder Wiki](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorderDb/wiki).

## Getting Started

The [Flight Recorder Wiki](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorderDb/wiki) contains further details on how to build and run the API.

## Authors

- **Dave Walker** - _Initial work_ - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/davewalker5/)

## Credits

Implementation of authentication using JWT is based on the following tutorial:

- https://github.com/cornflourblue/aspnet-core-3-jwt-authentication-api
- https://jasonwatmore.com/post/2019/10/11/aspnet-core-3-jwt-authentication-tutorial-with-example-api#users-controller-cs

## Feedback

To file issues or suggestions, please use the [Issues](https://github.com/davewalker5/FlightRecorder.Api/issues) page for this project on GitHub.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details
